Implement a member function called `swapFirstLast()` that swaps the values of the first and last nodes of a doubly linked list.

Output:
- The function should modify the doubly linked list in-place, swapping the values of the first and last nodes.

Example 1:
Suppose you have a `DoublyLinkedList` object, list, with the following values:
1 <-> 2 <-> 3 <-> 4 <-> 5

After calling the `swapFirstLast()` function:
1. `list.swapFirstLast();`

The doubly linked list should now have the following values:
5 <-> 2 <-> 3 <-> 4 <-> 1


Example 2:
Now suppose you have a `DoublyLinkedList` object, list, with the following values:
3 <-> 1 <-> 2

After calling the `swapFirstLast()` function:
1. `list.swapFirstLast();`

The doubly linked list should now have the following values:
2 <-> 1 <-> 3

```js
swapFirstLast() {
  // If the list has less than two nodes, do nothing
  if (this.length < 2) return;
  // Store the head value in a temporary variable
  const temp = this.head.value;
  // Set head value to the value of the tail node
  this.head.value = this.tail.value;
  // Set tail value to the stored value of the head node
  this.tail.value = temp;
}
```

##### Explaination

The `swapFirstLast()` method swaps the values of the first and last nodes. The method only swaps the values, not the nodes themselves.

Here's a step-by-step explanation of the logic:

Check if the length of the doubly linked list is less than 2. If it is, there's no need to swap any nodes, so return immediately.

If the length is 2 or more, create a temporary variable called `temp`, and assign the value of the head node to it. This variable will be used to store the value of the first node temporarily while swapping the values.

Update the value of the head node to be the value of the tail node. This effectively swaps the value of the first node with the value of the last node.

Update the value of the tail node to be the value stored in the `temp` variable. This completes the swapping of the first and last node values.